piggies and girls what is going on it is
as Roy today bringing you my first fifa
14 video so we're going to be going
through like the kind of packs that I I
got and kind of talk about the web up so
far and can plans for the future
ultimate in videos so first off I'll
show you what I got in parks basically
I've obviously I've got a thousand coins
and I've sold most of my players that I
can and but the two players that I've
kept are as you can see here tois armed
hamsik all these players hear the reason
I can't sell them is because they were
my star park which means that you're not
allowed to sell them and like I go on
him now I cannot quicklist him I cannot
summon it is untradeable here but yeah
the reason I kept guitar is because I
think he's the second best stat wise
Liga BBVA goalkeeper so I think he woke
up in price he's worth about 3.5 k if
you think about it could see us was
worth about on a between 50k upwards
last year and the second best goalkeeper
edit knew he'd say that is but they're
worth a lot 13 k when the game's first
comes out so i think i might as well
save them you know not that desperate of
coins you know i can trade quite quite
well with a AK and you know try to keep
him I'm sick I'm just a bit on the fence
about and he definitely got an upgrade I
think it's ridiculous because he plays
so well got loaded in form stuff but
anyway I'm just like not sure because
I'm like he could go up you know he
could easily go to about 7k at least
maybe I'm just basing that off last year
like how you know what his card was like
but at the same time you know could just
stay the same I could just be keeping
those calling for no reason but you know
I don't need to make a decision yeah i'm
just gonna wait in the market keeps
going up and down anyway so you know
he's gone from worth about 2.5 24 x 23.5
so it kind of is fluttery and that's
what the markets like at the minute
because people because there's so little
cards out and stuff you know people
economic coins from a trade you know
there's not those easy bargains that you
go and the people that don't really know
the dude i'll show you now my active
squad because this is going to be the
first episode of my Road to Glory i'm
not sure what the name of it is yet when
i figured out i will put it in the tile
and i've basically made an argentinian
squad because you can see I've got all
in the Argentinean players got a few
nice ones in here got a 2 piece English
summer med that's a left mid but this is
the best chemistry i could get 84 and
the reason always leave us even though
Gotham it here buddy gets back down in
70s if I put him on yeah that will be
used when the actual game comes out
probably anyway before yeah anyway I've
gotten the transfer list here i'm still
at least place to sell you know if all
these sell the cattle prices I'm looking
I'll i could give me up to 9 k so i'd
have about 9k to use and things of
notice really is that players it's so
hard to trade because other people are
trying to trade are good at trading
they're really into fifa they're really
into ultimate team they know what
they're doing they're not making silly
mistakes it makes it incredibly
difficult to pick up bargains and trade
and all kind of stuff because people are
smart they're not stupid and the trading
at this point it is pretty difficult but
I'm enjoying the daily gifts you know
I've got another account that i also get
daily gifts all i've got about three K
on there and I mean if I trade on that
as well you add them together when it
comes out of a nice little maybe 25 k by
the time it comes out after training
investments could you get to investing
employers and you know close to when the
game comes out because that is when and
play prices all bit of the highest but
yeah I mean there we know fifa 13 videos
after this i think the fifa 13 the last
one should go up on sunday this will
probably go up on monday i'm recording
it on a Saturday has some rendering
issues and stuff which is not helpful
but yeah that should be good so we'll
have all of you 13 stuff finished if
anyone can think of a name this is what
I'm really after of a name for this road
to glory i'm looking for something kind
of like if you know our japes path to
power i don't i'm not going to put road
to glory because that's kind of boring
if you could think of a name like that
i'll be absolutely awesome so I don't
know road to victory whatever is if you
think of a name like that I would really
appreciate if you put in the comments
you know if I picked yours I don't know
i'll give you a player or something i'm
not for what but i think something I can
do for you guys arm dear and yes because
i'll be trying to read here a bit tacky
not really working but whatever that's
all i've got to say really yes i'm
keeping guitar thinking i keeping honzik
got about 8k
coins did some trading and i'll do
another video soon enough you know once
I've done a bit more trade and can come
show you guys what I've done give you
guys a few tips and that kind of thing
you guys in another video I'm please
writing I don't see all the next one